welcome home so for this little
boxing man of the gie 29 force of home
logitech the new steering wheel no
ps3 ps4 compatible and pc then pc it's
already not put on the box because the g
920 of logitech also one there is going to be
specialized in the xbox one
even the exclusivity of this appellation
yet this wheel and although we skate
with the three machines have ps3 ps4 and
pc then suddenly a little unboxing
fast your habit we'll do that
as simply as possible
hop there then there is already a carton
interior of protection what is a
first at logitech usually we have
tian cardboard for everything simple there in
does this is called a thing that
so they took a generic carton
and they put around this little dress
with a little bit of a visual then to
inside we find here
the combine well forget it's there
the coco the g29 then is what's left
something power and in checks for
or on the screen that moment is another there
there is nothing at all not even the notice
for now I have not had to appreciate via
apparently ena says anything
this attack and then later on
with you
that's this pretty actively the most
simply from the world we really
packed a report to versus home
this race masters I was 300
addresses but t500rs it was better
protected in their cartons cartons
it was a bit more durable but
it's not bad anyway
here is the little calf where she is very
pretty a really made me a very
very good impression
when I was able to test it forward
first
he really is really really very
nice comeback very well we'll put some
side and we will attack with the gym
what is the pedals
then I'll ask one I ask you to
second attention tac you hear me
still here is here the pedal
wake me I already large
paluch so it's beautiful he's mental
it's pretty heavy there my opinion well these
two kilos and with a new flu
new logo the new logo from
logitech with the g that changed that makes
a little more sober and diet
separated with 5 to 10 680 and so on
note that there is no lift
of speed they did not send me the
shifter so I will
talk about it with my memories of the
preview so far so it was for that
which is the record
it smells a little rush because
So that's the first part
of a matisse and that's the second
part
just illegible and with jude and to
the security artist we see the notice
of use both dreamed about wings and
front billion on top is that the
visual is like at ikea and that makes
a little cheap anyway it must be said
I'll leave you
and I give you an appointment for the
directly in the article to more
late